ROX-16302: Deprecation notice for service account api endpoint change (#5499)
stackrox/stackrox: CHANGELOG.md

  to fetch vulnerability updates from Central. The flag will be removed as part of the 4.2.0 release.
- ROX-15925: The KernelModule collection method is deprecated in favor of EBPF. This method will be removed in the 4.1 release.
- Deprecated v1.0 of Network Graph. Please switch to the new 2.0 version for improved functionality and a better user experience.

> - The API endpoint `/v1/serviceaccounts` is deprecated and will be removed as part of the 4.2.0 release.

Author: My original wording was to deprecate the behavior of the endpoint so that we could retain the endpoint name more specifically. I don't think we necessarily need to change the endpoint name. Maybe we say the endpoint `...is deprecated and will be changed as part...`?

> - The API endpoint `/v1/serviceaccounts` is deprecated and will be removed as part of the 4.2.0 release.

Reviewer: `ListServiceAccounts` isn't very well known IMO. So perhaps in that case `/v1/serviceaccounts is deprecated and will be changed as part` does make more sense

> - The behavior of the ListServiceAccounts API endpoint is deprecated and will change as part of the 4.2.0 release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The API endpoint `v1/serviceaccounts` is deprecated and will be removed as part of the 4.2.0 release.
```
